[Music]
nearly two years after Scott Lang was
placed on house arrest because of his
role in conflicts between the Avengers
in violation of the sokovia accords Hank
Pym and his daughter hope Van Dyne
briefly managed to open a tunnels of the
quantum realm where they believe his
wife Janet Van Dyne might be trapped
after shrinking to subatomic levels in
1987 because he also visited the quantum
realm Blanc receives an apparent message
from Janet with whom he is quantumly
entangled despite only having days left
of house arrest and having been
estranged from his two former associates
laying decides to leave a voicemail to
Pym
soon after hope and Pym kidnap Lange
leaving a decoy so as not to arouse
suspicion from FBI agent Jimmy woo
seeing the messages confirmation that
Jana is alive the trio work to create a
stable tunnel so they can take a vehicle
to the quantum realm and retrieve her
they arranged by a part needed for the
tunnel from black market dealer sunny
birch who it turns out has realized the
potential profit that can be earned from
PIMs research and double-crosses them
donning the wasp outfit hope fights
birch and his men off until she's
attacked by a quantumly unstable masked
woman Lange tries to help fight off this
ghost but she escapes with PIMs lab
which has been shrunk down to the size
of a briefcase the three reluctantly
visit PIMs estranged former partner Bill
Foster who helped them locate the lab
the ghost restrains Lange hope and Pym
when they arrive and reveals herself to
be Ava star her father Elias another
former partner of PIMs accidentally
killed himself and his wife during a
quantum experiment that caused stars
unstable state foster reveals that he
has been helping star whom they plan to
cure using Janet's quantum energy
believing that this will kill Janet Pym
refuses to help them and the trio
managed to escape opening a stable
version of the tunnel this time the
three are able to contact Janet who
gives him a precise location to find her
but warns that they only have two hours
before the unstable nature of the realm
separates them for a century birch
learns the location from Lange's
business partners Louise Dave and Kurt
and informs a contact at the FBI
Louise warns Lange who rushes home
before woo can see him violating his
house arrest
this leaves Pym and hope to be arrested
allowing Starr to take their lab lying
is soon able to help Pym and hope escape
custody and they find the lab Lang and
hope distract star while Pym enters the
quantum realm to retrieve Janet that the
pair end up fighting birch and his men
which allows start to begin taking
Janet's energy Louise Dave and Kurt
helping capacity birch and
men so that laying in Hope can stop star
PIM and Janet arrived safely from the
quantum realm and Janet voluntarily
gifts some of her energy to start to
temporarily stabilized her Lange returns
home once again in time for a now
suspicious Wu to release him at the end
of his house arrest star and foster go
into hiding in a mid-credits scene Pym
Lang hope and Janet plan to harvest
quantum energy to continue helping star
while Lang is in the quantum realm doing
this
the other three disintegrate because of
Thanos is snap at the end of Avengers
infinity war
[Music]